Before the meeting starts, I need to get things ready.
I'm Ben.
And as a minister or servant, I can do a lot to help the congregation.
And that night, I was given another assignment.
Brother Richens asked if I could help him update the territory maps and organise our schedules
for public witnessing.
And I think the brothers know I can modernise all of this.
Brother Richens said to talk to brother Bello first.
He was the service I was seeing for years.
Great idea, but I can already imagine the possibilities.
By that weekend, I had almost finished.
I couldn't believe the outdated ways our records were kept.
This is going to be way better for the congregation.
And who knows what else could be improved.
I thought I had everything ready to show brother Richens.
He liked the new ideas.
But then he asked me, what did brother Bello think?
Oh brother Bello, I forgot.
I should have asked him, but at this point, didn't really matter.
Brother Richens suggested we read about a Lysha.
When the older Elijah's work was ending, a Lysha start close to his teacher.
Urged to stay behind, a Lysha repeatedly said,
As surely as Jehovah is living and as you are living, I will not leave you.
Until the moment Elijah left, Elijah wanted to learn from him.
Like a son, asking his father, he wanted a double portion of Elijah's spirit to continue
the work he started.
And Elijah's first miracle was the same as Elijah's last,
dividing the Jordan with Elijah's official garment.
Everything Elijah did revealed his respect for the experienced man Elijah.
I wasn't finished with my new assignment after all.
There was a lot I needed to learn from brother Bello.
He really understood our preaching territory and the people who live here.
He liked my ideas, but everything he showed me made them even better.
I can do a lot to help the congregation.
And I pray that Jehovah lets me do even more with the gifts he gave me and with the wisdom
of experienced men.